README.md, before:

# libedax4dart
dart wrapper for [libedax](https://github.com/lavox/edax-reversi/tree/libedax).  
With using libedax4dart, you can execute functions equivalent to edax commands from dart.

To use libedax4dart, you need libedax (C library).

## Usage
TODO: publish to https://pub.dev/  
TODO: describe  
(you can download libedax assets for this repo release)

## Document
- **[libedax4dart](https://sensuikan1973.github.io/libedax4dart/)**
- [libedax](https://lavox.github.io/libedax4py/html/libedax_8c.html): This may be old. In case of that, See [source](https://github.com/lavox/edax-reversi/tree/libedax).
- [edax](https://sensuikan1973.github.io/edax-reversi/)

## Reference
- python version: [libedax4py](https://github.com/lavox/libedax4py)
- java version: [libedax4j](https://github.com/lavox/libedax4j)

---

## Development
[![dart-channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-dev-64B5F6.svg?logo=dart)](https://dart.dev/get-dart#release-channels)  
![Dart CI](https://github.com/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/workflows/Dart%20CI/badge.svg)
![Integration Test](https://github.com/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/workflows/Integration%20Test/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=LdDfCMnDhz)](https://codecov.io/gh/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart)

### commands
#### format
```sh
dart format --fix -l 120 .
```

#### test
```sh
pub run test .
```

#### analyze
```sh
dart analyze .
```

#### document
```sh
dartdoc && open doc/api/index.html
```

### reference
- [dart:ffi](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/c-interop)
  - [dart-lang/samples/ffi](https://github.com/dart-lang/samples/tree/master/ffi) : simple sample
  - [dart-lang/sdk/samples/ffi](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/tree/master/samples/ffi) : complicated sample
  - issues
    - [dart-lang/ffi/issues](https://github.com/dart-lang/ffi/issues)
    - [dart-lang/sdk/labels/library-ffi](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/labels/library-ffi)
- [Effective Dart: Documentation](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart/documentation)

Commit message:

prepare to publich pub.dev (#21)
* update pubspec to publish
* alpha release
* implement simple example
* refactor test
* dll directory injection

README.md, after:

# libedax4dart
dart wrapper for [libedax](https://github.com/lavox/edax-reversi/tree/libedax).  
With using libedax4dart, you can execute functions equivalent to edax commands from dart.

To use libedax4dart, you need libedax (C library).

## Usage
1. Add `libedax4dart` under `dependencies` in your `pubspec.yaml`.
2. **Add your libedax assets** in your assets which you like.  
   **If you don't have yours, you can download [here](https://github.com/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/releases/latest)**.
  - [Required] dynamic library
    - macos: `libedax.dylib`
    - windows: `libedax-x64.dll`
    - linux: `libedax.so`
  - [Optional]
    - `book.dat`
    - `eval.dat`
3. With Using `LibEdax(dllDir)`, you can run edax commands !

## Document
- **[libedax4dart](https://sensuikan1973.github.io/libedax4dart/)**
- [libedax](https://lavox.github.io/libedax4py/html/libedax_8c.html): This may be old. In case of that, See [source](https://github.com/lavox/edax-reversi/tree/libedax).
- [edax](https://sensuikan1973.github.io/edax-reversi/)

## Reference
- python version: [libedax4py](https://github.com/lavox/libedax4py)
- java version: [libedax4j](https://github.com/lavox/libedax4j)

---

## Development
[![dart-channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-dev-64B5F6.svg?logo=dart)](https://dart.dev/get-dart#release-channels)  
![Dart CI](https://github.com/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/workflows/Dart%20CI/badge.svg)
![Integration Test](https://github.com/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/workflows/Integration%20Test/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=LdDfCMnDhz)](https://codecov.io/gh/sensuikan1973/libedax4dart)

### commands

#### run example
```sh
dart example/example.dart
```

#### format
```sh
dart format --fix -l 120 .
```

#### test
```sh
pub run test .
```

#### analyze
```sh
dart analyze .
```

#### document
```sh
dartdoc && open doc/api/index.html
```

### reference
- [dart:ffi](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/c-interop)
  - [dart-lang/samples/ffi](https://github.com/dart-lang/samples/tree/master/ffi) : simple sample
  - [dart-lang/sdk/samples/ffi](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/tree/master/samples/ffi) : complicated sample
  - issues
    - [dart-lang/ffi/issues](https://github.com/dart-lang/ffi/issues)
    - [dart-lang/sdk/labels/library-ffi](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/labels/library-ffi)
- [Effective Dart: Documentation](https://dart.dev/guides/language/effective-dart/documentation)
